stand on that spot sorry Serena hails
from erotomania within a little while
and he's very confident courteous he
lives in Las Vegas he drove all the way
up here to meet with you during the
audition well we saw serene as soon as
three walked in the room he was perfect
just his image the way he loved
everything he's something that we would
look for for an ad campaign can you tell
me about your tattoo good night a little
one tell me about your tattoo why'd you
get it it's your own design can I see it
what is it inspired from food clothes
tribal from what from the janitors and
modeling agencies want you to interact
more and be able to talk more
comfortably you know just asking you
about your tattoo and it's something
permanent on your body you should be
able to talk a little bit more into that
yeah the event that we do we need you to
be able to speak about the line and
interact with a bunch of people so
something that we're looking for is
someone that's okay we'll talk about the
underwear talk to me how do you feel
about underwear romania I never worried
but this is my dining but what do you
like about this particular brand really
everything you like everything any
questions thank you three well
we saw serene I asked him about his
tattoo which was beautiful on his arm I
don't know if it was a language barrier
or he just didn't seem to be very
approachable and this is unfortunately a
situation where people are going to be
approaching him and he should be
approaching other people I don't know
what I was out there I just missed the
job those niggas for vegas
was a brute opportunity to meet some
people
to make some connections to make some
money this was a very easy job and I
didn't to bit so i'm just waiting to
swoop on the next door when is gonna be
harder there's my languages are forgiven